What would have been if
if the referee harnessed the foul
to lucca staiger would have whistled if
The due free-fall would have fallen
too much subjunctive
what stands still is not
undeserved 89 to 84 success
French against a young German
national team against the
favorites beaten more than honorable
and has sold dearly
the team of national coach frank menz
had focused and determined
he started the respect and the
shy of the prominently occupied
French can quickly drop
despite the injury-related failures
by tibor pleiß and robin benzing
the team started one early
guide
The German team played deliberately met
a good throw selection and always found
again the better positioned man
in the second quarter, this was done
dbb team then a phase of weakness the
Equipe Tricolore knew how to use everyone
ahead of the strong playing nicola
button in nba for portland
basket hunt goes put the German
team again and again before insoluble
tasks
until the third quarter
France a convincing performance
and worked out a chance
the other
the backlog was in the meantime
more than 20 points in Germany
finally switch could turn so
by the national coach frank menz with
given as he partially with over 20
back back complains what already
said that we play constantly
should keep our focus
should and it sounds very much
Coach just say I but it
just right that you stay constant
did not have to scobel at the score
but must be based just on the
students and continued in the game remained the
guys put down a 16 to zero
protections of frank menz on the
parquet
thanks to strong defensive worked
the team gets closer to the point
baskets like here by karsten tadda
also know the audience from their
sit
in the fourth quarter final
sixth man had become and the team
actively supported
July
and then came the appearance of Lucca
staiger who deserves the free throws
updated so the game went though
but lost the German basketball
national team had expensive
sells and gets her lessons from the
to take a lot with you
now three weeks are training a lot
We have made a lot of plans for
regardless of the outcome
and we knew that the French despite
are in europe for the gold medal
play with being riddled with really
stars you in the euroleague
top players are those students we are
have no goal set us what the
Points have touched us to the goal
set that we are as good as it gets
playing 40 minutes no matter what
score always have the head up us
our things play and discipline
stay and I was also very
relieved the second time that has
has paid off nevertheless to the
score still in the first quarter was
I played very well
in the second quarter they were extreme
strong and that we still mine
second single then zooms the later one
have believed that helps us for
the future
at the end the team celebrated together with
a great performance for the fans in mannheim
against one of the title candidates of the em